SOURCE: Yelp — Cafe 3 (UC Berkeley dining commons) reviews
URL: https://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-3-berkeley (Cafe 3 Yelp page)
NOTE: Raw Yelp reviews pasted by the collector; cleaned to remove reviewer location/vote metadata, photo captions, and the "You Might Also Consider" sponsored block. Verbatim review text preserved.

Review: Because of the dearth of all-you-can-eat buffets, we found college dining commons to be a great alternative. The food is plentiful and much higher quality than when we went to college. The desserts have a large variety of cakes, brownies, and danishes along with soft serve. There is a steady stream of staff so the place is very clean. It also has a wide variety of seating options.

Review (Emma N.): Cafe 3 has the most repetitive menu out of all of the UC Berkeley dining halls and has the smallest selection. The vegetables are either soggy with too much oil or completely dry and unseasoned. There are a lot of gross stews, pasta with below-average sauce, and most of the types of rice are bad since most of them use brown rice. It is generally slightly below average; however, there are days when the food is very below average.

Review (Huskies C.): Good place to get a meal, not the best food though. Just decent — depends what you get, but don't expect it to be really good.

Review (Smayan G.): I don't know if that was even real food or not. Flabbergasted that we pay out-of-state tuition to be fed baby food. At least the chocolate milk was decent.

Review (Yoosung J.): Came in and the food actually looked good. I mean, college food had to be better than high school lunch, right? Wrong. It later came to my attention that a tiny hair was sticking out from my mystery samosa. That tiny hair turned out to be a long strand of hair implanted into my poor so-called samosa. In conclusion, reconsider your decisions.

Review (Yaowen Y.): Nice food, close to campus, good place to go after classes. But the food is not juicy. Service is good. Large place with many seats.

Review (Jeremy P.): My go-to spot for breakfast (near Unit 3). Lunch and dinner food is only alright though. Great seating areas and lots of open space. Service is also extremely nice.

Review (Johnny H.): A typical buffet-style college cafeteria with mediocre food. I got the chicken burger and spaghetti with meat sauce. The spaghetti was pretty good, but the burger was cold and sad. Luckily several condiments (mayonnaise, ketchup, honey mustard) were available so I could load up the burger. There is also a good selection of cereals and beverages. The interior is quite modern and nice. Tips: there is an outdoor patio, and it's not too crowded if you come between 11 and 12.

Review (Selena L.): Minus one star because the menu said there'd be bread pudding for breakfast today and then there wasn't. Also I'm really getting sick of eating Halal chicken every meal. (Earlier review: Sometimes the food is good, sometimes it's terrible. Overall it's pretty decent for a dining hall — there's variety and they have pretty healthy options.)
